docs: update EVM-compatible.md (#129)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice: docs/EVM-compatible.md

## Others

* Transaction context
  * `chain_id` consists up of two parts: [**compatible_chain_id(u32) | [creator_account_id]()(u32)**]
    - `compatible_chain_id` is defined in Godwoken [RollupConfig](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/acc6614/crates/types/schemas/godwoken.mol#L64).
    - `creator_account` is known as [the root account of Polyjuice](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/5735d8f/docs/life_of_a_polyjuice_transaction.md#root-account--deployment).
  * block gas limit is `12500000`, and is not block level limit, every transaction can reach the limit
  * block difficulty is always `2500000000000000`

* Value (pETH) transfer from EOA to EOA directly is not supported.

>   > Workaround: Since pETH (CKB) is a layer2 sUDT, it could be transfered through the [sUDT_ERC20_Proxy](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b/solidity/erc20/README.md) contract's `transfer function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Workaround: pETH (CKB) is represented as ERC 20 token on layer2, it could be transfer through the [sUDT_ERC20_Proxy](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice/blob/3f1ad5b/solidity/erc20/README.md) contract's `transfer function`.
```
